welcome to the movie called avatar
on earth in the year 2154 human life is
becoming more and more modern they never
knew what was enough
amidst the hustle and bustle was a
socially isolated ex-marine
he fought hard and bravely and ended up
in a wheelchair for the rest of his life
modern science is true but it won't help
if you don't have money big sums of
money
his boring life would be more fun if he
could do something meaningful
but the result was he was still banished
either way he's happy with what he's
doing
his life is now turning a new page
his brother's body was found in a murder
on the outskirts of the city he was
chosen to carry out his will and
unfinished business that his brother was
doing
an agreement is made he will join the
rda corporation to a new planet to take
the place of his brother
and then a large amount of money will be
paid to him enough for him to have his
feet repaired
a long hibernation to reach pandora
a planet 4.4 million light years from
earth the air on its surface is toxic
they come here to mine ores worth
millions of dollars
everyone must wear a respirator
jack hobbled down he didn't know what
awaited him ahead
jack was taken to a laboratory
there are very strange creatures called
avatar
the people at the laboratory explained
to him that the creatures were a copy of
the navi and that they lived here
the body is 3m high the body emits a
magical blue light with many patterns
especially the very solid carbon
skeleton structure
because the navi are very strong in
order to get minerals we need to
infiltrate their country by connecting
the brain between avatar and humans
knowing the behavior and geography of
this place it is easy to own abundant or
resources
jack tries to connect to an avatar dr
grace wishes him luck
it's hard to believe that a guy who
looks as stupid as jack can fit in with
the avatar in such a way
surprised with his new body jack felt
himself standing up he happily ran out
he is an intergalactic criminal
he felt nature this feeling was like
being alive again he happily ran around
everywhere
under his feet is the ground yes he
likes to bury his feet more
dr grace is also here she is another
avatar
jack put the sweet fruit in his mouth
feeling the delicious taste
jack fell asleep his consciousness
returning to his human self
as a former mercenary he found this role
playing very interesting
it not only helps him experience but
also comfortably run and jump with his
own feet
notice the perfect compatibility between
jack and avatar
colonel querich a rather cold-blooded
person said he would take jack on a
journey to survey the geology of this
place
if he does well he will receive
well-deserved rewards
the land of pandora is so beautiful even
the ugliest ones have very good textures
jack in the expedition crossed a
waterfall landing in a dense land
he and dr grace observed everything
around
everything here is huge it also has the
same features as the earth
dr grace has a lot of respect for this
place she only researches doesn't want
to destroy
the two went to the house she had used
to teach navi children there were signs
of gunshots here
after that they continued walking jack
was curious about the huge flora he
reached out his hand to play
a rhinoceros appeared it was aggressive
with him and then ran away as if to say
you are an idiot
jack thought it was afraid of jack he
laughed happily unfortunately behind him
was a donato it screamed at the other
rhinos in the distance
losing the delicious prey the natto
turned to look at jack the two chased
each other through the forest finally
jack lost his teammates
with survival skills trained as a
mercenary he was lucky to survive but
was stuck here
perhaps tonight he will have to face
many scary things here
in order not to be attacked he lit a
burning torch
the nighthounds here seemed to crave him
they gathered to attack him with their
sharp fangs
jack risked his life to fight with only
a torch in his hand
but he can't fight them
jack thought he was going to die in this
place
at this moment a navi appeared a cool
looking girl
she killed one hound the rest just
chased away jack escaped
noticing something strange from this man
nigeria the daughter of the king of
pandora asked him who he was and why he
came here
she criticized him for causing an uproar
in the place and causing her to kill an
animal
noticing that jack is very mysterious
but strangely all the seeds of the soul
are slowly surrounding him
nigeria realized that this was an omen
from the god awa she decided to take
jack to the tribe where she resides
where the navi people live
jack realized this place is very
beautiful at night
a long way to reach the tree of souls
the navi dwell in this tree
no one liked him especially nyquirie's
fiancees after some consideration there
was a certain connection that made
nyquiri's mother decide to keep jack
recruiting jack to let him live with the
tribe
princess nitiri will be responsible for
training jack to become a true member of
the tribe
nigeria is very difficult she leads him
to the place where the navi sleep
avatar sleeping will be the time when
jack has to wake up he is like a lost
soul in the world of the navi people
dr grace was quite surprised by his
return and survival
she couldn't believe that jack had been
adopted by the navi tribe
this is perhaps an important step to
make the investigation plan more
convenient
this is perhaps an important step
forward for faster research planning
back to the tribe today nigeria will
teach him how to ride a horse it is
quite difficult to start hunting and
become a real hunter
nigeria's fiancee hates jack very much
he tries to mock and provoke jack
nye terry only smiled faintly and the
two continued their lesson
after careful analysis colonel quarich
determined the location of abundant or
reserves located right under the tree of
souls
jack deciphers the structure of the tree
how the navi climb
it is a tree with a structure that is
very difficult to tear down
seeing through querich's thoughts dr
grace knew that no peace would be kept
here
she secretly convinces jack to leave a
lab car together and tell squarish that
this is only to make research easier
their destination was one of the
beautiful hanging mountains
a safe place to hide
at pandora naitiri continue to teach
jack how to master
she teaches him to ride a horse to
become a true hunter
he has gradually become used to
challenges has the ability to listen to
the underground circuit to see the
connection between species
if he doesn't keep up with the lessons
she teaches jack will be left behind
his survival skills are becoming more
and more mature
she introduces him to the dragon cairn
to become a true hunter he must choose a
cairn for himself and it must also
choose him
but how
when he is ready it will only serve a
master for the rest of its life when it
connects its ears to the ends of his
hair
naitiri talks about the deep connection
between humans and the jungle here an
energy system that runs through all
living things
it is the energy of the god awa
everything is ready jack is now brave
enough to take on the final challenge
that every hunter must go through
that is learning how to ride a cairn
but to do that he must first get to
karen's place
the road to kara's place is as steep as
the road to the sky
jack panted this is a sky of dragons
night terry's fiance suggested that jack
be the first to take up the challenge
the only way to know that karen has
chosen him is if it will try to kill the
owner jack has only one chance
all karen avoid him like they avoid
covid only one of them stays
karen seemed to be challenging jack to
catch it
jack jumped on it to control garen
frantically fought back it knocked jack
down the mountain jack did not give up
trying to tame it again
the two struggled for a long time jack
trying to control it
connection is formed
karen can now understand jack's language
it obediently listened to him
the first flight of jack's life begins
which he will never forget
sure
it took some time to get used to karen
he and karen got to know each other
better so the control also became easy
overcoming the clouds jack first saw the
tree of the soul a forbidden area that
no outsider is allowed to enter
when jack and master riding karen they
go hunting together jack is like a
cold-blooded hunter in the air
naitiri was very excited about it all
the effort she put into teaching this
boy was not in vain
on the way back they happily joked with
each other
a giant torrec attacked him and nigeria
a dragon named the last shadow if you
meet it you will never have a chance to
see the knight or the sun again
toric attacks jack terribly the two hide
into the forest
jack said nitiri followed him into a net
of roots in the forest
the toric was helpless it screamed and
disappeared
they laughed with delight
naitiri told him about the prehistoric
toric the last person able to ride torek
was her grandfather
everything with jack seemed to be
reversed
everything is like a dream but the world
in pandora is real
because he was in avatar for so long he
lost a lot of weight looking at his legs
made him even sadder
colonel quirich says thank you for your
valuable information you know this place
completely
the rest he will do jack can now safely
return to earth and receive his deserved
reward
jack said he needed time to negotiate
with the navi to let them go instead of
killing them to get the ore
querich responded to him with a
meaningless laugh
spending time with the navi tribe
overcoming challenges to become a
professional hunter jack is officially
merged a man of pandora recognized and
united by the whole tribe
nigeria took him to the tree of souls a
sacred land to pray
jack can feel the voice of his ancestors
inside awa
naitiri began to suggest to him about
choosing a girl for his life
but no jack has already chosen for
himself
nigeria understood
the two stood together happily and
peacefully in front of the certification
from the god awa
they swore to be lifelong friends
they shared passionate kisses and fell
asleep
when jack sleeps the real person in him
wakes up
when nigeria opened his eyes she
discovered that the tree of souls had
been vandalized
she tried to shake jack up but to no
avail
all the best weapons were dispatched by
colonel quarish jack woke up understood
what was going on he signaled them to
stop but no jack jumped up and smashed
the camera and their control center
the things jack did colonel querich saw
clearly at this moment he was officially
going to die
the magic tree was cut down a
heartbreaking scene occurred
escaping and returning nigeria finds her
father planning a battle to protect the
clan
the queer rich army breaks into the
impact lab causing jack to pass out in
an instant
just waiting for that night terry's
fiance wanted to end jack's life because
he knew these two were married
jack is captured by querich he exposes
jack's betrayal for getting the original
target agreed upon
dr grace explains to querich about this
mystical connection there are more
connections here than neurons in the
human head
so the navi will do their best to
protect it
the wealth in this place is not only on
the ground but right around us please
protect all species
thinking dr grace inhaled delusional
drugs querage ignored all words he
decided to use war to get what he wanted
witnessing the tragic scene jack was
very pitiful unwilling to see children
and animals being killed
jack asks commander selfridge to give
him a chance to convince them he has
only one hour
here jack said he was sent by god to
negotiate with the clan
please leave quickly before the army
arrives
nigeria was shocked at this fact it
turned out that jack knew this day would
come he deceived her deceived everyone
the whole clan was indignant the one who
hurt the most was nigeria she said he
would never be one of ours
they decide to tie up jack and dr grace
no matter how much he wants them to
leave
the navi will stay and fight
the power of humans is so terrible an
entire pandora area has been ravaged to
only fire smoke and black
witnessing her subjects being killed
nigeria's mother came to untie jack and
said if you are our son save the forest
many lives are killed innocently nothing
is more sad than war
the common house that covered the whole
sky of pandora suddenly uprooted and
shook
people see the tree stump leaning
the scene was really sad
losing the magic tree is losing its
roots
the navi mourned in vain they had to
find a way to hide deep in the forest
pandora is left with nothing
with nothing left to lose a destroyed
paradise
only the crying and lamentation remained
there were no tears to express their
sadness
jack was very indignant and disgruntled
nigeria saw her father's body lying on
the ground she was very sad she chased
jack out of here never to come back here
again
disappointed with himself frustrated
with all the good goals of a life that
jack had
jack sees himself as a failure
jack is once again taken out of the
avatar device by quarage
there is no other way to secretly remove
the laboratory from this place away from
the dictator querage
unfortunately dr grace was hit by a shot
they quickly find a shelter to continue
with the avatar mission
an outcast jack is dropped into a place
where no one can see only karen is still
his
the decision to tame toric was a
reckless one
the last place the navi could take
refuge and hide
it is under the tree of souls
all the hurt the wishes they prayed
together hoping to be healed physically
and mentally
suddenly a dark shadow enveloped them
and in the distance people saw a very
scary torah coming towards them
all were surprised and unbelievable
jack rode the majestic toric
the day he returned he brought with him
the power of the last darkness the power
of legend
whoever owns torah can win every battle
nigeria felt safer and more confident in
her man
jack persuaded looking forward to
nigeria's ex-fiance to cooperate and
unite to fight to protect all peoples
the two shook hands with determination
dr grace is on the verge of death jack
asks the villagers to help her
a lifetime of research dr grace is now
free to feel the magical connection the
strength that ay was mother is trying to
give her so she can survive
because the wound was too severe to heal
dr grace happily closed her eyes she
said i have met aywa she is real
standing before the clan majestically
jack evoked the will to fight go with
the wind call the clans here
tell the clans that torek is calling
them
we're going to show people that they
can't take what they want
for this is our land
all the navi arose they flew to the
horizon to the horse riding clans of the
plains to the icaron of the east sea
once torret called they would come
using surveillance equipment kurich
noticed a spike in the population
density of the pandora region
he understood that it had to be stopped
sooner before the number of people here
was stronger than him
kurich decided to drop heavy bombs on
the pandora region
what an inhuman act
jack understands that his job is to try
to stop this
weapons without affection were dropped
in heaven and on earth
the ground trembled the horse tribe was
approaching
the number is as large as the army
right now in the air kurich orders the
bombs to be dropped on what is known as
their gate to heaven
little did they know that jack's army
was already in ambush jack quickly led
the encirclement army directly attacking
the driver's cockpit
one by one the helicopter was tossed
around like a toy
distracted kurich decides to teach these
harassers a lesson
right now underground the army was
fighting the horse clan
although the number of clans was very
large they could not resist the reign of
bullets
the two teams fought fiercely the fire
above was blazing at this point querich
sent someone to drop cannons on the
ground
realizing that the situation could not
be better one of jack's teammates tried
to signal him to retreat
jack now understood the situation he
piloted torik to fly towards the forest
when he was suddenly attacked
quarish continuously opened fire on him
with all the ammo he had
thinking he was about to die fortunately
he was rescued by his teammates but then
her helicopter also received a bullet
at this point nigeria was chased
relentlessly she tried to go deeper into
the forest
her karen was hit by a bullet it no
longer had the strength to fly and both
she and karen collapsed
the friend who would stick with nigeria
for the rest of her life was no longer
there she hated to see her compatriots
killed
only hatred remains
and death
relatives fell one by one at awa's
mother's feet
who could save it everything burned in
night terry's eyes
she despaired
jack received no signal from his friends
aywa's mother seemed to see through the
threat the animals in the forest
suddenly became more aggressive
they have a common goal only to attack
those armed men
at this point no one can predict
a was mother heard jack's prayer anyone
who wants to invade something that
doesn't belong to them will have to die
the army completely succumbed colonel
quarid could not have foreseen
querich is ready to drop bombs
jack has 30 seconds to finish them all
with an understanding of fighter
aircraft structure jack threw a grenade
to destroy the wing
grenades fell inside the plane flew
sideways lost balance and fell
and explode boom
now it's time to deal with the queer
rich leader
he's smarter than jack thought
jack is also smart but slower than him
jack fell and querich didn't die
he controlled the robot to jump into the
forest to find jack unfortunately the
place where cueric fell was near the
experimental carriage jack and his
teammates were hiding in
this time he amused
cueric was about to let jack die in his
sleep when suddenly nigeria came riding
with a donato from behind
it attacked query in a rush
querich beat it up
unfortunately it was defeated he
brutally killed the beast and threw it
down
nigeria couldn't get out at this point
the final blow will be for nigeria
jack appeared he slashed the big knife
into the old man's face without an
oxygen mask making it difficult for him
to breathe
querich thought what if jack had trouble
breathing like me
so querich smashes open the door of the
lab car looking for jack
without waiting jack tried to stab
querich to death it's not okay his real
self is really starved of oxygen he's
having a hard time breathing
just waiting for that querish easily
kills jack with the knife
but the one who really had to die was
him
somehow nigeria managed to break free
from the encirclement
she holds the bow to kill the dictator
greedy
not far away jack was trying to get out
looking for an oxygen mask but he
couldn't reach it
realizing the real jack is in there
nigeria tries to find this is the first
time she gets to see the real him
jack in the flesh was in front of her
fortunately he was still alive
back to pandora jack has a lot of work
to do
nigeria's ex-fiance seeds the throne to
him he is dying and can't carry the
kingdom hope jack quickly and this pain
humans are banished to where they belong
and are not allowed to return
under the tree of souls the king of
pandora officially swapped his soul for
the avatar
jack's life will forever belong to this
sacred place
this is the end of the movie see you in
the next movie
thank you for watching the movie